OIE Updates - Nodejs SDK Self-Registration Use Case (#2406)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-cases/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-self-reg/nodejs/summaryofsteps.md

# Summary of steps

> The sequence of steps for self-service registration is described in the following sequence diagrams:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sequence diagrams describe the sequence of steps for self-service registration:
```
